Device App Docs (#7461)
auth0/docs: articles/api/authentication/api-authz/_get-token.md

Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

client_id=${account.clientId}&device_code=YOUR_DEVICE_CODE&grant_type=urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:device_code
```

```shell
curl --request POST \
  --url 'https://${account.namespace}/oauth/token' \
  --header 'content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \
  --data 'client_id=${account.clientId}&device_code=YOUR_DEVICE_CODE&grant_type=urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:device_code'
```

```javascript
var request = require("request");

var options = { method: 'POST',
  url: 'https://${account.namespace}/oauth/token',
  headers: { 'content-type': 'application/x-www-form-urlencoded' },
  form:
   { client_id: '${account.clientId}',
     device_code: 'YOUR_DEVICE_CODE',
     grant_type: 'urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:device_code' }
   };

request(options, function (error, response, body) {
  if (error) throw new Error(error);

  console.log(body);
});
```

> RESPONSE SAMPLE:

```JSON
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
{
   "access_token": "eyJz93a...k4laUWw",
   "id_token": "eyJ...0NE",
   "refresh_token": "eyJ...MoQ",
   "scope": "...",
   "expires_in": 86400,
   "token_type": "Bearer"
}
```

> ```JSON

Reviewer: Can we explain which ones are retryable and which ones note? The authorization_pending and slow_down can be retried, the others not. The other errors mean the transaction failed.

Reviewer 2: Added this in as a comment. Although technically this shouldn't include comments, since this is a response, it shouldn't cause trouble for users.

HTTP/1.1 400 BAD REQUEST
Content-Type: application/json
 { 
  "error": "authorization_pending",

>   "error_description": "Retryable: We are waiting for the user to take some action; try polling again using the suggested interval."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  "error_description": "User has yet to authorize device code."
```

Reviewer 3: Maybe you wanted to be more clear and ignore the real message, dismiss then.

 }
```

```JSON
HTTP/1.1 400 BAD REQUEST
Content-Type: application/json
 { 
  "error": "slow_down",

>   "error_description": "Retryable: You are polling too fast; slow down and use the suggested interval."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  "error_description": "You are polling faster than the specified interval of 5 seconds."
```

Reviewer 3: Maybe you wanted to be more clear and ignore the real message, dismiss then.

 }
```

```JSON
HTTP/1.1 400 BAD REQUEST
Content-Type: application/json
 { 

>     "error": <anything else>,

Reviewer: maybe replace anything else with `access_denied|invalid_grant|...`

>     "description": "Failure: User cancelled the confirmation prompt or consent page; the code expired; there was an error."

Reviewer: `error_description`

 }
```

<%= include('../../../_includes/_http-method', {
  "http_badge": "badge-success",
  "http_method": "POST",
  "path": "/oauth/token",
  "link": "#device-auth"
}) %>

> This is the OAuth 2.0 grant that input-constrained devices use to access an API. Poll this endpoint using the interval returned with your [device code](/api/authentication?http#device-code) to directly request an Access Token using the application's credentials (a Client ID) and a device code.

Reviewer 3: Is this link right? it didn't show me anything

Reviewer 2: So... intriguingly, this is a piece of functionality that seems to try to encase the GET label in an <a> tag with the `href=` being this "link". But the functionality obviously doesn't work on any of the endpoints. It isn't breaking anything either, though, so for now, we will leave this as is until we dig into this functionality further.

Reviewer 3: Just to see if I understood, you want to merge it and fix it later or you want to leave the conversation unresolved until you dig into the issue?

Reviewer 2: I misunderstood this issue. I was focusing on the badge code in the "include", but I see that you mean the link below that (just above your comment). Will be fixed in the next push.

### Request Parameters

| Parameter        | Description |
|:-----------------|:------------|
| `grant_type` <br/><span class="label label-danger">Required</span> | Denotes the flow you are using. For Device Authorization, use `urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:device_code`. |
| `client_id` <br/><span class="label label-danger">Required</span> | Your application's Client ID. |

> | `device_code` <br/><span class="label label-danger">Required</span> | The device code previously returned from the [/oauth/device/code endpoint](/api/authentication?http#device-code). |

Reviewer 3: 🤔 I think this should be `get-device-code`?

### Remarks

> - Because you will be polling this endpoint while waiting for the user to go to the verification URL and enter their user code, you will likely receive at least one failure before receiving a successful response. See sample responses for possible responses.

Reviewer: Can we clarify that the polling frequency should used the `interval` from the intial response?
